doc,meta: add issue template for flaky tests (#24450)
nodejs/node: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/4-flaky-test.md

---
name: "\U0001F4AB Found a flaky test?"
about: Please provide information about the failure.

---
<!--
Thank you for reporting a possible flaky test in Node.js.

Please fill in as much of the template below as you can.

-->
* test file - [NAME_OF_TEST_WITH_SUITE (e.g. parallel/test-https)](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/test/NAME_OF_TEST_WITH_SUITE.js)
* ci job  - [CI_JOB_DESCRIPTOR (e.g. aix/21613)](https://ci.nodejs.org/job/node-test-CI_JOB_DESCRIPTOR)
* ci worker - [CI_WORKER_NAME](https://ci.nodejs.org/computer/CI_WORKER_NAME/)
* output:
  ```
  CI cosole output for the failing test.
  Or content of JUnit test details page.

>   Note: should be intented with 3 paces to align with * bullet point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note: should be indented with 2 spaces to align with * bullet point.
```
